dialysis is a life-saving treatment it
replicates the kidneys functions
cleaning the blood of waste and excess
fluid and Al oxa Hospital in balah is
the only medical facility in the gazal
strip still able to help people with
kidney
failure all kidney patients in Gaza have
nowhere to go for treatment but this
Hospital our suffering is unprecedented
not experienced by anyone before we
appeal for the World Health Organization
to L the helping hand 600 patients are
sharing 19 dialysis machines the
treatment usually takes 4 hours these
people are receiving just 90
minutes we were also forced to reduce
the number of sessions for each patient
from three times a week to twice a week
this caused many patients to die
the Israeli Army's expanding assault in
Rafa has forced the closure of hospitals
including the biggest Al naar meaning
many have had to risk the dangerous
journey to Central Gaza to continue
their
treatment I've been receiving Dialysis
in Rafa for 3 years I missed my sessions
when the attack spread to Rafa it was
difficult for me to get here it's a long
distance and costly when I finally
arrived I found the unit overwhelmed
with patience Israel has blocked
deliveries of critical medical supplies
and fuel the hospital is powered by
generators and without fuel health
workers can't provide these patients
with the care they need not only that
these patients were receiving kadney
dialysis treatment in alar hospital but
they were also seeking Refuge here
unfortunately Al AXA Hospital does not
have any space for these Palestinians to
seek Refuge here leaving them homeless
this is hind Al jaaz bah Gaza
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer